README.md, before:

# Open Headers - Dynamic Sources

![Open Headers Logo](./src/ui/images/icon128.png)

A companion application for the Open Headers Chrome extension that manages dynamic sources from files, environment variables, and HTTP endpoints.

## Features

- 🔄 **Multiple Source Types**: Retrieve values from HTTP requests, environment variables, and local files
- 🔌 **WebSocket Server**: Real-time communication with the browser extension
- 🔍 **JSON Path Filtering**: Extract specific values from JSON responses
- ⏱️ **Auto-Refresh**: Schedule periodic updates for HTTP sources
- 🛡️ **TOTP Authentication**: Generate time-based one-time passwords for secure API access
- 💾 **Import/Export**: Share source configurations between instances
- ⚙️ **App Settings**: Configure app behavior, appearance and startup options
- 🔔 **Status Bar Icon**: Access the app quickly from the system tray/menu bar
- 📱 **Dock Icon Control**: Show or hide app icon in macOS dock
- 🚀 **Auto-start**: Launch automatically at system startup
- 🙈 **Hidden Startup**: Option to start minimized to the tray
- 🔤 **Headless Mode**: Run without UI in server environments
- 🔁 **Connection Retry**: Automatic retry for transient network issues

## Installation

### Prebuilt Binaries

1. Download the latest release for your platform:
   - [macOS](https://github.com/OpenHeaders/open-headers-app/releases)
   - [Windows](https://github.com/OpenHeaders/open-headers-app/releases)
   - [Linux](https://github.com/OpenHeaders/open-headers-app/releases)

2. Install the application:
   - **macOS**: Open the DMG file and drag the app to your Applications folder
   - **Windows**: Run the installer executable
   - **Linux**: Extract the AppImage and make it executable

### Building from Source

1. Clone the repository
2. Install dependencies with `npm install`
3. Run `npm run dist` to create installers for your platform
4. The built application will be in the `dist` directory

## Usage

### Starting the Application

1. Launch the "Open Headers - Sources" application
2. The app will start in your system tray/menu bar (and optionally in the dock)
3. Click the tray icon to open the sources dashboard

### Configuration Settings

Access app settings by clicking the **Settings** button in the top-right corner:

#### Startup Options
- **Launch at login**: Start the app automatically when your system boots
- **Hide window on startup**: Start minimized to the system tray

#### Appearance
- **Show Dock icon** (macOS): Choose whether to show the app in the dock
- **Show Status Bar icon**: Choose whether to show the app in the system tray/menu bar

### Adding a File Source

1. From the dashboard, select "File" as the source type
2. Click "Browse File" to select a local file
3. Add an optional tag for easy identification
4. Click "Add Source"

The file content will be continuously monitored for changes.

### Adding an Environment Variable Source

1. Select "Environment Variable" as the source type
2. Enter the name of the environment variable
3. Add an optional tag for easy identification
4. Click "Add Source"

### Adding an HTTP Source

1. Select "HTTP Request" as the source type
2. Enter the URL for the request
3. Select the HTTP method (GET, POST, etc.)
4. Configure request options (headers, query parameters, body)
5. Optionally enable JSON filtering to extract specific values
6. Set up auto-refresh if you want regular updates
7. Click "Add Source"

### Using JSON Filtering

For HTTP sources that return JSON:

1. Enable the "JSON Filter" option
2. Enter a JSON path using dot notation (e.g., `root.data.access_token`)
3. Use the "Test Path" button to verify your filter works correctly

### Using TOTP Authentication

For APIs requiring time-based one-time passwords:

1. Enable "TOTP Authentication" in your HTTP source
2. Enter your TOTP secret key (base32 encoded)
3. Use `_TOTP_CODE` placeholder in your request where the code should be inserted
4. Example: Add `verification_code:_TOTP_CODE` in a form-encoded body

The application will automatically generate and insert the current TOTP code whenever the request is made.

### Importing and Exporting Sources

Easily save and share your source configurations:

#### Exporting Sources
1. Click the **Export** button in the top-right corner
2. Choose a location to save the JSON file
3. All source configurations will be saved to the file

#### Importing Sources
1. Click the **Import** button in the top-right corner
2. Select a previously exported JSON file
3. The sources will be loaded and added to your existing sources

### Headless Mode

Run Open Headers without a UI, perfect for server environments:

```bash
# Basic headless mode
./open-headers-app --headless

# With a specific config file
./open-headers-app --headless --config /path/to/open-headers_config.json
```

### Minimizing to Tray

- When the application window is closed, it will minimize to the system tray rather than quitting
- Click the tray icon to restore the window
- Right-click the tray icon for additional options (Show Application, Exit)

## Connecting to the Browser Extension

1. Install the [Open Headers browser extension](https://github.com/OpenHeaders/open-headers-browser-extension)
2. Launch the Sources application
3. The extension will automatically connect via WebSocket (port 59210)
4. In the extension popup, your dynamic sources will appear as options when creating headers

## Documentation

For more detailed information, see [DEVELOPER.md](DEVELOPER.md).

Commit message:

ui: migrate from vanilla JS to React with Ant Design
This major refactoring replaces the vanilla HTML/CSS/JS UI with a modern
React implementation using Ant Design components. Key changes include:

- Replace HTML templates with React components
- Implement React Context API for state management
- Create custom hooks for business logic
- Improve UI with Ant Design components
- Add a more responsive and accessible interface
- Refactor build process to use webpack for React
- Implement Apple-inspired design language
- Add enhanced error handling and user feedback
- Improve cross-platform consistency

This change maintains full backward compatibility with existing
configurations and the browser extension protocol.

README.md, after:

# Open Headers - Dynamic Sources

![Open Headers Logo](./src/ui/images/icon128.png)

A companion application for the Open Headers browser extension that manages dynamic sources from files, environment variables, and HTTP endpoints.

## Features

- 🔄 **Multiple Source Types**: Retrieve values from HTTP requests, environment variables, and local files
- 🔌 **WebSocket Server**: Real-time communication with the browser extension
- 🔍 **JSON Path Filtering**: Extract specific values from JSON responses
- ⏱️ **Auto-Refresh**: Schedule periodic updates for HTTP sources
- 🛡️ **TOTP Authentication**: Generate time-based one-time passwords for secure API access
- 💾 **Import/Export**: Share source configurations between instances
- ⚙️ **App Settings**: Configure app behavior, appearance and startup options
- 🔔 **Status Bar Icon**: Access the app quickly from the system tray/menu bar
- 📱 **Dock Icon Control**: Show or hide app icon in macOS dock
- 🚀 **Auto-start**: Launch automatically at system startup
- 🙈 **Hidden Startup**: Option to start minimized to the tray
- 🔤 **Headless Mode**: Run without UI in server environments
- 🔁 **Connection Retry**: Automatic retry for transient network issues
- 💻 **Modern UI**: Clean, minimalist design with Ant Design components

## Installation

### Prebuilt Binaries

1. Download the latest release for your platform:
   - [macOS](https://github.com/OpenHeaders/open-headers-app/releases)
   - [Windows](https://github.com/OpenHeaders/open-headers-app/releases)
   - [Linux](https://github.com/OpenHeaders/open-headers-app/releases)

2. Install the application:
   - **macOS**: Open the DMG file and drag the app to your Applications folder
   - **Windows**: Run the installer executable
   - **Linux**: Extract the AppImage and make it executable

### Building from Source

1. Clone the repository
2. Install dependencies with `npm install`
3. Run `npm run dist` to create installers for your platform
4. The built application will be in the `dist` directory

## Usage

### Starting the Application

1. Launch the "Open Headers - Sources" application
2. The app will start in your system tray/menu bar (and optionally in the dock)
3. Click the tray icon to open the sources dashboard

### Configuration Settings

Access app settings by clicking the **Settings** button in the top-right corner:

#### Startup Options
- **Launch at login**: Start the app automatically when your system boots
- **Hide window on startup**: Start minimized to the system tray

#### Appearance
- **Show Dock icon** (macOS): Choose whether to show the app in the dock
- **Show Status Bar icon**: Choose whether to show the app in the system tray/menu bar

### Adding a File Source

1. From the dashboard, select "File" as the source type
2. Click "Browse File" to select a local file
3. Add an optional tag for easy identification
4. Click "Add Source"

The file content will be continuously monitored for changes.

### Adding an Environment Variable Source

1. Select "Environment Variable" as the source type
2. Enter the name of the environment variable
3. Add an optional tag for easy identification
4. Click "Add Source"

### Adding an HTTP Source

1. Select "HTTP Request" as the source type
2. Enter the URL for the request
3. Select the HTTP method (GET, POST, etc.)
4. Configure request options (headers, query parameters, body)
5. Optionally enable JSON filtering to extract specific values
6. Set up auto-refresh if you want regular updates
7. Click "Add Source"

### Using JSON Filtering

For HTTP sources that return JSON:

1. Enable the "JSON Filter" option
2. Enter a JSON path using dot notation (e.g., `root.data.access_token`)
3. Use the "Test Path" button to verify your filter works correctly

### Using TOTP Authentication

For APIs requiring time-based one-time passwords:

1. Enable "TOTP Authentication" in your HTTP source
2. Enter your TOTP secret key (base32 encoded)
3. Use `_TOTP_CODE` placeholder in your request where the code should be inserted
4. Example: Add `verification_code:_TOTP_CODE` in a form-encoded body

The application will automatically generate and insert the current TOTP code whenever the request is made.

### Importing and Exporting Sources

Easily save and share your source configurations:

#### Exporting Sources
1. Click the **Export** button in the top-right corner
2. Choose a location to save the JSON file
3. All source configurations will be saved to the file

#### Importing Sources
1. Click the **Import** button in the top-right corner
2. Select a previously exported JSON file
3. The sources will be loaded and added to your existing sources

### Headless Mode

Run Open Headers without a UI, perfect for server environments:

```bash
# Basic headless mode
./open-headers-app --headless

# With a specific config file
./open-headers-app --headless --config /path/to/open-headers_config.json
```

### Minimizing to Tray

- When the application window is closed, it will minimize to the system tray rather than quitting
- Click the tray icon to restore the window
- Right-click the tray icon for additional options (Show Application, Exit)

## Connecting to the Browser Extension

1. Install the [Open Headers browser extension](https://github.com/OpenHeaders/open-headers-browser-extension)
2. Launch the Sources application
3. The extension will automatically connect via WebSocket (port 59210)
4. In the extension popup, your dynamic sources will appear as options when creating headers

## Documentation

For more detailed information, see:
- [DEVELOPER.md](docs/DEVELOPER.md) - Technical documentation for developers
- [CONTRIBUTING.md](docs/CONTRIBUTING.md) - Guidelines for contributing to the project
- [PRIVACY.md](docs/PRIVACY.md) - Privacy policy
